Update first few cadence tutorials for 1.0 and add disclaimers to others (#52)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/02-hello-world.md

```cadence HelloWorld.cdc
// HelloWorld.cdc
//
access(all)
contract HelloWorld {

    // Declare a public field of type String.
    //
    // All fields must be initialized in the initializer.
    access(all)
    let greeting: String

    // The initializer is required if the contract contains any fields.
    init() {
        self.greeting = "Hello, World!"
    }

    // Public function that returns our friendly greeting!

>     access(all) view

Reviewer: We should probably explain what this new `view` modifier is doing.

    fun hello(): String {
        return self.greeting
    }
}
```

The line `access(all) contract HelloWorld ` declares a contract
that is accessible in all scopes (`access(all)`, typically known as public).
It's followed by `access(all) let greeting: String` which declares a state constant (`let`) of type `String` that is accessible in all scopes(`access(all)`).

You would have used `var` to declare a variable, which means that the value
can be changed later on instead of remaining constant like with `let`.

> You can use `access(all)` and the `access(all)` keyword interchangeably.

Reviewer: This should probably just get removed

Author: oops. yeah

They are both examples of an access control specification that means an interface can be accessed in all scopes, but not written to in all scopes.
For more information about the different levels of access control permitted in Cadence, refer to the [Access Control section of the language reference](../language/access-control.md).

The `init()` section is called the initializer. It is a special function that only runs when the contract is first created.
Objects similar to contracts, such as other [composite types like structs or resources](../language/composite-types.mdx),
require that the initializer initializes all fields that are declared in a composite type.
In the above example, the initializer sets the `greeting` field to `"Hello, World!"` when the contract is initialized.

The last part of our `HelloWorld` contract is a public function called `hello()`.
This declaration returns a value of type `String`.
Anyone who imports this contract in their transaction or script can read the public fields,

> use the public types, and call the public contract functions; i.e. the ones that have `access(all)` or `access(all)` specified.

Reviewer: Redundant

```cadence HelloWorld.cdc
// HelloWorld.cdc
//
access(all)
contract HelloWorld {

    // Declare a public field of type String.
    //
    // All fields must be initialized in the initializer.
    access(all)
    let greeting: String

    // The initializer is required if the contract contains any fields.
    init() {
        self.greeting = "Hello, World!"
    }

    // Public function that returns our friendly greeting!
    // Specified as `view` to declare that it does not change any state
    access(all) view
    fun hello(): String {
        return self.greeting
    }
}
```

The line `access(all) contract HelloWorld ` declares a contract

> that is accessible in all scopes (`access(all)`, typically known as public).

Reviewer 2: typically -> previously?

Author: typically is right here. I'm referring to how this access level is usually called in other languages

It's followed by `access(all) let greeting: String` which declares a state constant (`let`) of type `String` that is accessible in all scopes(`access(all)`).

You would have used `var` to declare a variable, which means that the value
can be changed later on instead of remaining constant like with `let`.

> It is an access control specification that means an interface can be accessed in all scopes, but not written to in all scopes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an access control specification and means an interface can be accessed in all scopes, but not written to in all scopes.
```
